Improve the authentication documentation (#535)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/how-to/authentication.en.md

# Authentication

QField supports connecting to services requiring access authentication. This page will go through authentication examples as well as demonstrating how to export authentication configuration from QGIS into QField

## OAuth2-protected web services

> To successfully load OAuth2-protected layer(s) in QField, the QGIS project must be setup to use OAuth2.

Reviewer: "These layers" rather than "project"?

### Prepare the OAuth2 authentication in QGIS
:material-monitor: Desktop preparation

To setup a WFS with OAuth2 in QGIS follow these steps in the QGIS project configuration.

In the WFS layer configuration:

!![widgets](../assets/images/oauth2_setup_wfs.png)

Add a new authentication configuration and adjust parameters to match your OAuth2 server setup:

!![widgets](../assets/images/oauth2_setup_auth.png)

> Once the layer's authentication configuration is setup, you can add layer(s) into your project and test that the authentication mechanism works as expected. Follow instructions below to export the configuration into QField.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the layer's authentication configuration is setup, you can add layers into your project and test that the authentication mechanism works as expected. Follow the instructions below to export the configuration into QField.
```

## Export authentication configurations from QGIS
:material-monitor: Desktop preparation

!!! note

>     Prior to exporting authentication configurations, it is always good to verify that you are able to properly connect to relevant service(s) using QGIS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Prior to exporting authentication configurations, it is always good to verify that you are able to properly connect to relevant services using QGIS.
```

To export one or more authentication configurations, open the QGIS options dialog and select the authentication panel. There, you can select multiple authentication configurations by selecting the appropriate rows in the configurations table widget. Then, use the lower-right utilities button to select the *export selected authentication configurations to file* action.

!![widgets](../assets/images/oauth2_export_config.png)

When prompted for a password, *leave it blank*. You will be warned that might be leaking sensitive information, which is a good reminder to treat the resulting XML with caution.

## Import authentication configurations into QField
:material-monitor: Desktop preparation

> Once you have exported the authentication configuration(s) to an XML file, you must copy that file onto the device(s) running QField. The file has to be copied to into an `auth` folder found within the QField's app directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have exported the authentication configurations to an XML file, you must copy that file onto the devices running QField. The file has to be copied to into an `auth` folder found within the QField's app directory:
```

I think it's easier to read and users will be able to infer the singular case.
